TODO:

Diesel:
	pressed keys array here would be better than moving that to the game objects to be honest.

Game:
	BUGS:
		falling issue. check down speed 
		Jump bug is back.
		Twitch bug is too. bad times.
	ART:
		I need to show the player better.
		I need a color palette to use for stuff. *
		Change silo bg.
		Change secapre bg.
		
	I need a between levels thing going on.
	Display:
		Units need a gun attach point/guns need an offset,(not sure this is true at all)
		fix offsets so they aren't constant unless you are pushing an edge -bottom and right need this now;
		post 9/11 add a total information awareness counter
		after 9/11 use monchrom blocks for everything/ eliminate all colors from the levels.
		
	Sound:
		bakcground music
		sound effects.
	
	Levels:
		90s levels. the party level will be pretty much amazing. and it will be every pother level. emphasize hacking as a method of getting intel
			Sweeetttish party.
				this si a a series of rooms that tele por the player to various ones after a fixed number of frames.
			a few hokey scifi hoaxes where you get no intel and the missions are pretty much similar.
				chem trails: sky jumping leve
				x files: creepy woods with no intel and nothing in it
				serbia shooters ina  forest minimal intel. but sebrincia
				iraq 1993 babbies and cnn.
				a seti mission would be adorable.
				some sort of post soivet nuke sissues.
				
				these should be super cheesy and super 90s spy movie.
				use kickass 90s pallete too.
				
			
		2001:
			helpless airplane level.
			Completely change pallette/tone after this. wsithc to a monochrom pallete, badguys are always black the guy is always white.  iconography isntead of shapes and colors like before.
			each point of intel is not harder toget and there are 3 generic types of missions. the are randomized.
				the corporate breakin.
				the mansion wiretap.
				the post battle mop up'
				a raid to killa  high value target for his intel.
			each mission ads a few points to total information awareness.
			the goal is to get 100% awareness. 
			If you get there you win.
			losing a mans now drosp your info awareness rating.
			ever 10% you get another mans.
			the player is issued a gun at this point to make sure that things are as high stress as possible.
	
			
			add wiretaps, that periodically set their -5 flag once setup.  by the end these levels should be super grindy and and feel less and ess like you are winning.
	Units:
		add sleeping target
		add wiretaps.
		add push blocks
		
		

	GamePlay:
		Do we want the player to pick guns or just to have him pick them up and use the alt , do i even want guns?
		Chaser guys?
		
	features:
		water?
		monster spawners. x% if not max number of monsters is set. 

	
Editor:
	loading of existing levels. level = diesel.load(x.json);
	display units.
	display effects.
	selection of both of the above with the mouse.
	
	issue with the vetical spacing in bottom right corner.




